feat: add feature rich docs (#167)
tact-lang/jetton: docs/feature-rich.md

# Jetton Send Modes implementation in Tact

Since the [initial TEP-74](https://github.com/ton-blockchain/TEPs/blob/master/text/0074-jettons-standard.md) publication in 12.03.2022, there were only a few attempts to improve the standard and introduce new features:

- [Mintless jetton](https://github.com/ton-community/mintless-jetton), used for mass token distribution
- [Governance jetton](https://github.com/ton-blockchain/stablecoin-contract), used for USDT (this implementation actually breaks TEP-74 by removing burn)

> - [Modern jetton](https://github.com/EmelyanenkoK/modern_jetton), allowing ton/jetton claiming

Reviewer: Haha, no-one knows what is jetton Claiming (that is also present in token-contract)

Author: Yeah, but it's up to their repo to describe it so I won't dig into it here

The ability to deploy the notification receiver together with the notification would solve this issue. This send mode takes the `forwardStateInit` field from the custom payload on jetton transfer, attaches it to the internal transfer and then uses it as `state_init` on the transfer notification message.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant D as Jetton Owner
    participant C as Jetton Wallet
    participant E as Receiver Jetton Wallet
    participant F as Receiver Account

    D ->>+ C: JettonTransfer with 0x4 mode<BR />(0xf8a7ea5)
    C ->>+ E: Internal transfer message <BR> with notification state init
    Note left of F: Receiver account <br> will be deployed with this msg
    E ->>+ F: JettonNotification <BR> with state init
```

**Note!**

> If we attach `state_init` to the notification message, the destination address of this message is derived from the hash of this state. However, following the TEP, we should send the notification to the `owner` address. If this two addresses don't match, transaction will fail and bounce internal transfer back, cancelling the operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If we attach `state_init` to the notification message, the destination address of this message is derived from the hash of this state. However, following the TEP, we should send the notification to the `owner` address. If these two addresses don't match, the transaction will fail and bounce the internal transfer back, canceling the operation.
```

```tact
let deployAddress = contractAddress(msg.forwardStateInit!!);
require(deployAddress == self.owner, "Deploy address doesn't match owner address");
```

> ### Usage
> 
> Feature rich jetton implementation is designed and implemented to be fully compatible with TEP Jetton-related standards. That means that it can be used with already existing applications (explorers, wallets, etc.) without any modifications.
> 
> ![jetton](./assets/jetton.png)
> 
> To deploy Feature rich jetton use `yarn deploy:feature-rich` or check the [deployment script](../src/scripts/feature-rich.deploy.ts).
> 
> It is possible to make use of jetton send modes using `sendTransferWithJettonMode` method from wrapper class [ExtendedFeatureRichJettonWallet](../src/wrappers/ExtendedFeatureRichJettonWallet.ts). More examples of modes usage can be found in the [feature-rich tests](../src/tests/feature-rich/feature-rich.spec.ts).
> 
> ### References
> 
> - [Initial community discussion post](https://t.me/TheOpenDevBlog/68)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Usage

Feature-rich Jetton implementation is designed and implemented to be fully compatible with TEP Jetton-related standards. That means it can be used with existing applications, such as explorers and wallets, without any modifications.

![Jetton](./assets/jetton.png)

To deploy a feature-rich Jetton, run `yarn deploy:feature-rich`, which uses [this deployment script](../src/scripts/feature-rich.deploy.ts).

It is possible to make use of Jetton send modes using the `sendTransferWithJettonMode` method from wrapper class [ExtendedFeatureRichJettonWallet](../src/wrappers/ExtendedFeatureRichJettonWallet.ts). More examples of modes usage can be found in the [feature-rich tests](../src/tests/feature-rich/feature-rich.spec.ts).

## References

- [TEP-74 standard](https://github.com/ton-blockchain/TEPs/blob/master/text/0074-jettons-standard.md)
- [Initial community discussion post (in Russian)](https://t.me/TheOpenDevBlog/68)
```
